What the hell?
Slow if you say slow
My Down's board of directors
What, can both cats and dogs come in?
Ah do you know who I am
I am the best actor
Offend me and let you die without a burial?
What are you still doing?
Hurry up and take off the chopped hand for me
I'll tell you what.
Uncle Luo was alerted
You are dead.
You're slapping yourself now
Maybe I can also plead with Uncle Luo
Not interested in unrepentant
If you take it down, you will not regret it.
Dare to offend Lu Gongzi
Pardon me?
Lu Gongzi really washed away the Dragon King Temple
We are family
I will personally apologize to you.
I hope you raise your hand.
This is the son of the Lu family from the first family in Jingzhou
The 16th Chamber of Commerce across the country obeyed him
Quickly apologize to Young Master Lu
You are Lu Xuan, the newly appointed chairperson of the Jingzhou Chamber of Commerce
So what?
Can you handle our family affairs?
If Miss Tang does not agree to the equity transfer
It's not a family matter
It's a big deal for our Jingzhou Chamber of Commerce
So what if you have a share capital?
We only listen to Miss Tang
Yes, we only listen to Miss Tang
Miss Tang, tell me
Tang Yao has gone crazy. How can he speak?
Yeah it's crazy this
This is a typical encounter
Yaoyao only needs to say one word now
Let's go home and eat candy
Let them die clearly
Wait for Tang Yao to go crazy on stage
But there is a good show
Say to Yaoyao
Yaoyao, say it
I see the people who support me
People who oppose me
I also know
Thank you for your lesson
I, Tang Yao, will surely lead the Tang Consortium
Towards Glory
Do not dishonor my father